---
ID: 192
post_title: A Little Testimony
author: Cap
post_date: 2015-05-16 18:32:01
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://www.artfulpoets.com/%page%
published: true
---
So you say cause I'm broke it ain't nothing to respect, well how about this.. How about the fact that maybe I envy you because I see what he's done for you when it's too blinding for you!? How about we talk about who it all belongs too, how about we just pretend it bigger than me and you. How about we see it for what it really is and you tell me the complete truth, that before the world made you believe that all you need to do is worship these false idols that surround you, and how about you forget about that past that made you realize that it was all make believe. Don't turn me down because I've kept quiet for all of y'all, and held my breathe and let you get out what's really bothering you, but you didn't realize that it was your testimony and the moment you forgot that it was him that gave you it all, he made me smile for the sake that I could have it all if I just remember to fall. Now let's just talk about it all! What are you saying? Did you forget that before you bear any children I gave my only one for your sake, and for you to say you even have this day. Stop playing! Now let's just be realistic, cause you forgot I exist an don't you fake with me cause I already know what you think, it was me that gave you those thoughts to think. And those feelings that you try so hard to pretend aren't real; please you playing me! Let's get really real and imagine for a second that you don't look like me, that your fragile flesh that betrayed me wasn't given by me! Yeah I know it hurts, and that feeling I gave to you too, until you decided it was best to put them aside an walk amongst men like you were so tall that you don't need little ol me. But here I am standing before you all, willing to give you another chance even though the last time you came to this alter you said, "Lord I'll give you all of me." I dot have no more time to play with y'all, you scared and you know it. So while young thug an t.i. Got you talking about if it ain't about the money, I'm screaming if it ain't about me, what's the point of it all. Just to dig a little deeper, imagine you had all the money in the world what would you do with it. If you thinking that you would share it with all of your ken folk or people that tried so hard to show you that they were sent there by me. You know the ones you call bae or the ones that you neglected before me. I showed them you and you showed them me. Just so your little kind could so, that there is nun before me or nun after me that gives you free..Dom! Now let's take a step farther as you look at this little vessel that stands before you, I took from him a brother much like you, and he never questioned my glory. Just didn't quite know the right words or ways to say it to you. That's too far off topic, and you've already placed judgement before you really and truly knew, what I did.