---
ID: 181
post_title: '&#8216;Secrets&#8217;'
author: Cap
post_date: 2015-05-08 19:43:30
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://www.artfulpoets.com/%page%
published: true
---
I don't too tough Fool with them, but I respect them. Cause I know first hand that some demons you have to face, and that only becomes possible when you become a man. It's not about how wrong it was, it's about accepting it and not being shamed about it. I once upon a time found myself living in this place. I had set up shop right next to the tall guy with the deceving smile. Yeah I know him personally, he's actually not so bad once you get to know him. You shouldn't stare too long, cause he is just as insecure about his height as I am about mine. He explained this to me after we mutually agreed never to tell nobody but God. He shakes hands firmly, do not be halted; he is just inviting you in for conversation. Because just like me we've both figured out nature, and realized that it's a certain spark that a man feels when your talking to a pretty lady. But he won't hesitate to tell you, women ain't shit. And we sometimes make love to them. (That's only for your humor side, 'let you deep side need not apply'.) Let him down gently, because in these turbulent times, a fellow could use a good laugh. Something that when it's genuine it will tickle a whole crowd, ask Kevin Hart he'll tell you! I was once accuses of wanting to be him, and that's just not true. The secret in the whole situation he's dark skinned, and I'm milk chocolate to a tee. Plus what black guy you know with freckles. I'm just stating the obvoius. To be continued... they tell me my writings are too long, and I know most people have short attention spans. So piece be with you on this beautiful Friday.~ Live it, Love it