---
ID: 194
post_title: Dear God
author: Cap
post_date: 2015-05-19 02:30:13
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://www.artfulpoets.com/%page%
published: true
---
Well Sir,

&nbsp;

I feel its time I write something meaningful something relevant. Something just between me and you, cause let's be honest no one reads these things anyway. So my first question is why have you placed these things on me? Second question, why have you made my heart feel guilty for the things I cannot see?

You see my Son you just continue to let doubt pull you away from me. Yet I never left you I been right here with you. From the time you took your first steps to the time you thought it was a good idea to cut your wrist, and you wonder why nobody understands you but me. Yeah I know your every thought, I bet you never guessed I was the woman that gave you those bandages. Did you?

Wait hold up, you mean to tell me that was you? So that was also you painting murals on the walls of my brain; just so I would have something to look back on?

Yes, my son! That was me! You felt me just neglected to remain in my presence, now you question my very presence because some snake told you too. I ask you this! Who created him?

You did. As you did me!

Is that why you pray for him? Yes I heared your silent cries, in the midst of your ignorant bliss. But what is ignorance other than a word a man I created placed in this thing man calls a dictionary?

Well I don't know that God. I just know it's not fair!

Whats not fair?! Having to sit in the sky and watch you constantly disobey me? Yet I forgive you, your sins were washed away in the blood of my first son. Your my son too, always remember that! You just have lost your faith, and yet you think I'm a traitor cause I didn't come save thee! I bet you don't even realize how long I been carrying you! Sorry to yell cause I know how you get, you hate a scorning and that too I gave to you Son! Remember! Now rise up from your grave. Live! It is your light that shines so radiant, that it makes the whole room hot. Rise up!