---
ID: 145
post_title: For, Kacin
author: CapAPG
post_date: 2015-04-07 19:27:20
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://www.artfulpoets.com/%page%
published: true
---
What's up champ! How you hanging? I little to the left I hope. You might be to young to comprehend, but then again you might be just the right age. I wanted to see when you going to be ready for me in that Call of Duty?

Believe me when I say, I don't speak candately. I'm no politic, I'm your big cousin, big brother, uncle Shone, or just somebody that you knew. I understand the state of confusion you go through, BELIEVE me I feel you.

If need be I will be that guy who shows up, to bring you back from the monsters in your closet. I understand they're close. KACIN, focus; you got this! There will be times in your mind, in which you will realize everything is not what it seems. No such thing as right or wrong, but thinking makes it so. ~Shakespeare but I won't force you to Google him. Although it would make a lot more since.

Boy stop that crying, hold your head uo and keep going. No matter what age your at, I feel like I must tell you these women will be at you. Indulge them, but never give them all of thee. Yes it gets biblical, did you know you uncle Dominic taught me this... it's okay. Don't worry, you Paw-Paw would also tell you this... so don't worry, yeah I know you never really knew him, but he was cool.

Ah put it this way, there was never a shortage of bread on the table. Which bring me to money, Kacin, listen carefully, to put it in perspective. It's not about the dirt bike that you getting, it's about giving thanks to the ones that got it for you, and enjoying every second of it.

Now about this Call of Duty thang, I know you been back in the strip club, but that's an inside thang, they wouldn't understand. Man boy I miss you! When I get on, we going to have the time of our lives. Don't look for me, I'll find you! I'm somewhere amongst the clouds of smoke from hell, and the angels carrying me to the gates of heaven. I do know that I'm not done living, I just like to show up, take the spotlight for a minute and bounce. It's better that way, TRUST ME.

I love you,

keep your head up,

and never run away.

Uncle Shone

STILL about this Call of Duty though, get your game up and come see me. I'll be there.