---
ID: 143
post_title: For, Jayda
author: CapAPG
post_date: 2015-04-07 19:10:14
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://www.artfulpoets.com/%page%
published: true
---
To my dearest Jayda,

it's your uncle shone. I know I know, but Jayda I don't deserve capitalization. see I've thought of a many a poems, but my dear you, you. See right through me, you know when I'm not me and then you call out for me when noone else cares too. My first niece you love me, and give me a reason too love in return. I hope that by this time your growness has out grown you and you've learned to listen to you Mom and Daddy.

Brighteyes is what Ced calls you but I just call you Jaydabug, you my dear are the epidemic, the one that will sweep this nation with you curls flaring in the wind and your nose stuck up in the air, that will cleanse the atmosphere. You have to know this is true, and that why you low-key frown in some of your pictures. I pray and beg that you don't ever have to cry, no matter what your parents go through just know that they love you.

you are the light in your Granny's eyes, and you give her reason just to live, see I never knew my grannys, but I heard they were awesome women. I would gI've anything just for them to come down and show themselves to me. Just so I can be curious, and by all means beat the cat. I hope that one hits you in later years, although i know that it's coming. Just like Meko and them. I want you to listen to both Meko and Deek, even if you don't talk to them stop pay attention, and remember what they taught you. Learn from their memories of joy yo you. And always remember that you are the light that the world shines through.

I give this to you because I have seen you ability to lead, at one point you will go through life and not understand. In this time trust God, and know that he got you. You my dear make me smile, just thinkING about you smiling Back at me. You paw-paw would say, don't worry about what people say. Just trust me I know this, and in closing I'm sorry for turning up on you by ShoneING you to read this... I love you, and hope you keep your smile. Life is a box of chocolates, but some of them have mints, which will make you face squint. Be patient, remain calm, and lead.

My dearest,

Jayda Serenity is where I found him Finch

Thank You Jayda

Forgive me